# Computes the total reward for a specific candidate following the reward function

Computes the total reward for a specific candidate following the reward
function

## Usage

``` r
total_cost_loop(
  area,
  mc_years,
  candidate_pool,
  candidates_types,
  storage_vol,
  df_reward,
  cvar,
  opts,
  penalty_low,
  penalty_high,
  penalty_final_level,
  storage_annual_cost,
  final_level,
  compute_optimal_traj = F,
  max_hydro_weekly,
  inflow
)
```

## Arguments

- area:

  Character. Name of the area where the total reward is computed

- mc_years:

  Vector of integers. Monte Carlo years to compute reward

- candidate_pool:

  Vector of integers. Capacity of the cluster candidates

- candidates_types:

  Data_frame with column names : c("index", "name", "type", "TOTEX",
  "Marg_price"). It is a parameter of
  `MultiStock_H2_Investment_reward_compute_once`.

- storage_vol:

  Integer. Volume of the storage candidate

- df_reward:

  List. Rewards and decision space from the output of the function
  [`antaresWaterValues::get_Reward()`](https://rte-antares-rpackage.github.io/antaresWaterValues/reference/get_Reward.md).

- cvar:

  Numeric in \[0,1\]. The probability used in cvar algorithm.

- opts:

  List of study parameters returned by the function
  `antaresRead::setSimulationPath(simulation="input")` in input mode.

- penalty_low:

  Integer. Penalty for lower guide curve.

- penalty_high:

  Integer. Penalty for higher guide curve.

- penalty_final_level:

  Integer. Penalty for higher and lower final level.

- storage_annual_cost:

  Numeric. Total annual cost of the storage candidate in eur/MWh

- final_level:

  Numeric in \[0, 100\]. Final and initial level in percentage of H2
  storage.

- compute_optimal_traj:

  Boolean.

- max_hydro_weekly:

  Data.frame. Generated by
  [`get_max_hydro()`](https://rte-antares-rpackage.github.io/antaresWaterValues/reference/get_max_hydro.md)

- inflow:

  Generated by
  [`get_inflow()`](https://rte-antares-rpackage.github.io/antaresWaterValues/reference/get_inflow.md)

## Value

The total reward for the specified candidates in euros. Because of the
Bellman values it is usually negative and large
